.agent/skills/binary-studio-comms/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: binary-studio-comms
description: Communication, brand, and animation guidelines for Binary Studio, a design and development agency. This skill should be used when creating content, writing copy, designing social media posts, generating captions, writing web copy, producing animations with Remotion, or producing any communication piece for Binary Studio. It covers brand identity, voice and tone, content strategy, copywriting templates, and Remotion animation patterns.
---

# Binary Studio Communication Guide

This skill provides the complete communication framework for **Binary Studio**, a design and development studio. Use it to generate any content aligned with the studio's brand identity, voice, and strategy.

## When to Use This Skill

Activate this skill when:

- Writing social media captions, bios, or post copy for Binary Studio
- Creating web copy (landing pages, about sections, service descriptions)
- Drafting proposals, presentations, or client-facing documents
- Generating content ideas or editorial calendars
- Writing email campaigns or newsletters
- Creating any visual communication that requires text (ads, banners, stories)
- **Creating animations or videos with Remotion** (reels, carousels, intros, code animations)
- Advising on brand consistency across channels

## Brand Overview

**Binary Studio** is a full-service design studio with a technical edge. The name plays on binary code (1s and 0s), reflecting an approach that merges design with technology. The studio offers branding, web design & development, UX/UI, editorial design, packaging, and more.

### Core team
- Lead designer (founder)
- Designer (co-founder)
- Systems engineer (technical partner)

### Key traits
- **Bold** — Strong visual presence, no timid design
- **Technical** — Speaks with authority on design AND code
- **Direct** — Clear communication, no corporate fluff
- **Curious** — Always exploring new tools and trends
- **Approachable** — Talks like a peer, not a corporation

## How to Use This Skill

### For Brand Identity (colors, fonts, logo)
Read `references/brand-identity.md` for the complete visual identity system including color palette, typography, logo usage rules, and visual style guidelines.

### For Writing Copy
1. First read `references/voice-and-tone.md` to understand the brand personality and how to write as Binary Studio
2. Then reference `references/copywriting-templates.md` for ready-to-use templates for different formats (captions, bios, CTAs, headlines)

### For Content Planning
Read `references/content-strategy.md` to understand the content pillars, target audiences, and channel strategy.

### For Social Media
Read `references/social-media-guidelines.md` for platform-specific formatting, category tags, caption structure, hashtags, and posting cadence.

### For Visual Assets
The `assets/` directory contains the Binary Studio logos:
- `assets/logo-full.svg` — Full logo: B1NARY STUDI0
- `assets/logo-reduced.svg` — Reduced logo: 01

### For AI Image Generation
Read `references/image-generation.md` for the complete visual style system including base prompts, prompt templates by resource type (portraits, objects, abstracts, mockups), photo editing guidelines, and a ready-to-use Gemini Gem system prompt.

### For Remotion Animations
This skill includes Remotion-specific guidelines. Also read the `remotion-best-practices` skill for technical Remotion rules.
- `references/remotion-design-tokens.md` — Colors, fonts, typography scales, composition sizes as TypeScript constants
- `references/remotion-motion-style.md` — Spring configs, timing patterns, transition preferences, Binary Lighting/Decay in motion
- `references/remotion-templates.md` — Complete composition templates (carousel, reel, portfolio, code, quotes)
- `references/remotion-components.md` — Reusable components (BinaryBackground, BinaryTitle, BinaryLogo, CategoryBadge, BinaryDecayEffect, etc.)

## Critical Rules

1. **Always use Argentine Spanish** (voseo) as the default language unless explicitly asked for English
2. **Never be corporate** — Binary Studio is a small, approachable studio, not a faceless agency
3. **Anglicisms are OK** when standard in design/tech (branding, UX, wireframe, layout, etc.)
4. **Tone varies by context** — See `references/voice-and-tone.md` for the tone spectrum
5. **Content must serve one of the defined pillars** — See `references/content-strategy.md`
6. **Always respect the visual identity** — Colors, fonts, and logo usage per `references/brand-identity.md`
7. **Every slide must teach or add value** — No filler slides. Each carousel slide must contain a concrete idea, data, example, or actionable info
8. **Covers lead with a hook** — The main title is always a provocative/curiosity-driven statement, never just the topic name. See the cover structure in `references/social-media-guidelines.md`
9. **AI-generated images follow the Binary style** — Always use the base prompt from `references/image-generation.md`
10. **Remotion: use `useCurrentFrame()` always** — CSS transitions/animations are FORBIDDEN. Read `remotion-best-practices` rules for technical patterns
11. **Remotion: use Binary design tokens** — Import colors and fonts from the shared constants in `references/remotion-design-tokens.md`, never hardcode
12. **Remotion: spring over linear** — Prefer `spring()` with the configs defined in `references/remotion-motion-style.md`

Commit message:

Remove Remotion dependencies and refine brand philosophy
- Remove all Remotion-related files and references
- Update brand concept: remove "code in DNA" tagline
- Add comprehensive work philosophy section emphasizing:
  - Full-service approach (no limitations on project types)
  - Collaborative client relationship
  - Expert guidance with client autonomy
  - No "yes to everything" mentality
- Update SKILL.md description and templates
- Refine LinkedIn bio to reflect new positioning

.agent/skills/binary-studio-comms/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: binary-studio-comms
description: Communication and brand guidelines for Binary Studio, a design and development agency. This skill should be used when creating content, writing copy, designing social media posts, generating captions, writing web copy, or producing any communication piece for Binary Studio. It covers brand identity, voice and tone, content strategy, and copywriting templates.
---

# Binary Studio Communication Guide

This skill provides the complete communication framework for **Binary Studio**, a design and development studio. Use it to generate any content aligned with the studio's brand identity, voice, and strategy.

## When to Use This Skill

Activate this skill when:

- Writing social media captions, bios, or post copy for Binary Studio
- Creating web copy (landing pages, about sections, service descriptions)
- Drafting proposals, presentations, or client-facing documents
- Generating content ideas or editorial calendars
- Writing email campaigns or newsletters
- Creating any visual communication that requires text (ads, banners, stories)
- Advising on brand consistency across channels

## Brand Overview

**Binary Studio** is a full-service design studio with a technical edge. The name plays on binary code (1s and 0s), reflecting an approach that merges design with technology — clarity, precision, and systems thinking applied to visual communication.

**What We Do:** Everything the client needs. Branding, web design & development, UX/UI, editorial design, packaging, presentations, communication strategy, and more. We don't specialize in one thing — we specialize in solving problems through design. Whatever the challenge, we find a way.

**How We Work:** Hand-in-hand with clients. We listen first, understand the problem, then propose the best solutions. We put our expertise on the table, explain the "why" behind every decision, but the final call is always yours. We don't say yes to everything just to keep clients happy — we say what we believe is best, informed by experience.

### Core team
- Lead designer (founder)
- Designer (co-founder)
- Systems engineer (technical partner)

### Key traits
- **Bold** — Strong visual presence, no timid design
- **Technical** — Speaks with authority on design AND code
- **Direct** — Clear communication, no corporate fluff
- **Curious** — Always exploring new tools and trends
- **Approachable** — Talks like a peer, not a corporation

## How to Use This Skill

### For Brand Identity (colors, fonts, logo)
Read `references/brand-identity.md` for the complete visual identity system including color palette, typography, logo usage rules, and visual style guidelines.

### For Writing Copy
1. First read `references/voice-and-tone.md` to understand the brand personality and how to write as Binary Studio
2. Then reference `references/copywriting-templates.md` for ready-to-use templates for different formats (captions, bios, CTAs, headlines)

### For Content Planning
Read `references/content-strategy.md` to understand the content pillars, target audiences, and channel strategy.

### For Social Media
Read `references/social-media-guidelines.md` for platform-specific formatting, category tags, caption structure, hashtags, and posting cadence.

### For Visual Assets
The `assets/` directory contains the Binary Studio logos:
- `assets/logo-full.svg` — Full logo: B1NARY STUDI0
- `assets/logo-reduced.svg` — Reduced logo: 01

### For AI Image Generation
Read `references/image-generation.md` for the complete visual style system including base prompts, prompt templates by resource type (portraits, objects, abstracts, mockups), photo editing guidelines, and a ready-to-use Gemini Gem system prompt.

## Critical Rules

1. **Always use Argentine Spanish** (voseo) as the default language unless explicitly asked for English
2. **Never be corporate** — Binary Studio is a small, approachable studio, not a faceless agency
3. **Anglicisms are OK** when standard in design/tech (branding, UX, wireframe, layout, etc.)
4. **Tone varies by context** — See `references/voice-and-tone.md` for the tone spectrum
5. **Content must serve one of the defined pillars** — See `references/content-strategy.md`
6. **Always respect the visual identity** — Colors, fonts, and logo usage per `references/brand-identity.md`
7. **Every slide must teach or add value** — No filler slides. Each carousel slide must contain a concrete idea, data, example, or actionable info
8. **Covers lead with a hook** — The main title is always a provocative/curiosity-driven statement, never just the topic name. See the cover structure in `references/social-media-guidelines.md`
9. **AI-generated images follow the Binary style** — Always use the base prompt from `references/image-generation.md`
